Update power-bi-visual-add-heat-map-layer.md (#98402)
Azure/azure-content: articles/azure-maps/power-bi-visual-add-heat-map-layer.md

| Setting              | Description      |
|----------------------|------------------|
| Radius | The radius of each data point in the heat map.<br /><br />Valid values when Unit = ‘pixels’: 1 - 200. Default: **20**<br />Valid values when Unit = ‘meters’: 1 - 4,000,000|

> | Units  | The distance units of the radius. Possible values are:<br /><br />**pixels**. When set to pixels the size of each data point will always be the same, regardless of zoom level.<br />**meters**. When set to meters, the size of the data points will scale based on zoom level based on the equivalent pixel distance at the equator. This provides better reletivity between neighboring points, however, due to the Mercator projection, the actual radius of coverage in meters at a given latitude will be smaller than this specified radius.<br /><br /> Default: **pixels**  |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Units  | The distance units of the radius. Possible values are:<br /><br />**pixels**. When set to pixels the size of each data point will always be the same, regardless of zoom level.<br />**meters**. When set to meters, the size of the data points will scale based on zoom level based on the equivalent pixel distance at the equator, providing better relativity between neighboring points. However, due to the Mercator projection, the actual radius of coverage in meters at a given latitude will be smaller than this specified radius.<br /><br /> Default: **pixels**  |
```
